Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we are simply doing is we are fetching all the orders we have in our database.
And that's me as a user who did not order any products is still going to see this.
Okay.
So I think this is going to be very confused.
Well, I have orders.
Orders without me ordering them.
Okay.
So what we are going to do in this lecture is we are going to fetch the orders that are associated to
that user.
Okay.
So in this lecture, we are going to talk about something known as compact query.
So now to do this, we are going to need to go back to our visa code.
Okay.
So what we are trying to do is we are to go to fetch orders that are.
Ordered by that users that user are not just displaying all the orders for it now.
What we are simply doing is we have all the orders we have in our database.
So if you should create an account and log into it, you're still going to see this orders because we
are simply fetching all the orders we have in our database, same way we are fetching all the products
we have in database.
Okay.
So what we are going to do is we are going to fetch orders that are just relating to that user.
That is the orders, the user, the product the user holds.
Okay.
So that's whatever the fetch.
So to do that, like I said, I will introduce you to something known as compact query.
Okay.
So over here, all we can say is we can then say dots.
Before that gets to where you can see is asking for the field.
So all we can say is we a user, Heidi, can see that was why we have to have a field called user I.D.
so they can see where.
User I.D. karma is equal to.
Okay, so what we're going to do is firebase.
I think we already have this variable in the hearts that are in the cause tree.
So in the crossfire, though, it's correct.
User ID.
Okay.
I think we have to had in not that the reason for this is imagine colleges calling this variable calling
this fabulous odds that's crazy that you did one of these days the log in right.
So it's going to be no writes or essay is it can be null.
Okay.
So this is basically it.
So we only want to fetch the.
Aldous.
Yeah, the user ID is accords to the current user.
The current logged in user.
Right.
So this will simply fetch all products that is being ordered by just that user.
You can see before now what we are simply doing is we are having access to the orders collection and
then we are getting all the orders.
Okay.
But now we are using something known as compact query.
We are just filtering all the the products that is being ordered by the user.
You get it now.
So all the products.
That has this EU's unity.
That is the EU's idea of.
J g h i c p u t i and so on.
Those are the product.
Those are the products.
Those are the others that are going to be that are going to be retrieved.
Okay.
So that is what we are simply doing.
Now we can use contra and save or you can just.
Or we start this.
Okay.
All you can do is before.
Now, what you can just do is you can create some accounts.
You're going to see you're going to see this or there's a key.
What now?
Since we've done this, you are not going to see that.
You're not going to see this or that's again.
Since we ourselves will want to face the order that our words unique to that user.
You did so that are unique to that.
So the user idea, okay, I just fully understand this, but if you don't, you can as well.
Do not let me know.
So I'm will to try my best to explain it a bit deeper for you.
Okay.